[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to episode 6 of my
laptop setup a series where I feature
the laptop setups that you guys submit
to me and then showcase whatever it is
that you do with your gear in this
week's episode is on illustrator so
people who create digital art with their
equipment and first up we have a
submission from javi he's a children's
book illustrator he has a pretty minimal
set up the laptop he uses is the msi
ge62 siz from 2013 he has a Microsoft
3500 wireless mouse he uses a Wacom
Intuos 4 tablet and in case you don't
know what that is it's basically a
tablet that you can draw on and then the
strokes will appear in a drawing program
he also uses a lumia 930 Windows Phone
and he has a paper sketchbook for
drawing stuff so javis portfolio is
really extensive and I'm a big fan of
this kind of art it's really alive even
though you're just looking at a still
image I can totally see why he's into
drawing stuff that's kind of geared
towards kids because it just it's just a
very happy kind of artwork
[Music]
you guys are interested in seeing more
of his work there's a link to his
portfolio below and he also has a
YouTube channel where he teaches people
how to draw like this so that's pretty
cool next up we have a submission from
Jay so he's a first year student in
Australia he studies concept art and his
career goal is to design environments
and vehicles in the game industry his
setup is really unique he uses a Wacom
Cintiq companion now I've seen these
around but I've never actually used one
personally they're essentially
full-blown Windows PCs built into a
professional drawing tablet and this one
is running a Haswell i7 with 16 gigs of
RAM it's surprisingly well specs for
what this machine is it's kind of like
the surface products from Microsoft but
this is like an older generation type of
product and is definitely more geared
towards artists specifically so there's
certain features about it like
particularly the pen that are just
really focused for artwork the pen that
he uses isn't the stock pen it's an
upgrade it's a Wacom classic pen and I
don't know what the blue thing is but
it's awesome so he connects to the Apple
magic keyboard when he needs to type he
also has a set of Copic markers and I
think these are like the industry
standard for professional markers he has
a sketchbook for drawing things and he
has a bag from Target to hold everything
so Jays portfolio is a little dated
because he's busy with school but he's
got some cool stuff in there he's got
some environmental pieces he's got a lot
of futuristic looking stuff I love this
kind of art and he's got some cool
spaceships and mechs there's a lot of 3d
stuff going on there too and he also has
a lot of concept pieces so some of these
are more fleshed out but some of them
are legitimately Bra concept pieces if
you guys have seen early concept art for
games like stuff from Blizzard they look
a lot like this the early pieces are
designed to set a mood or to develop a
look or a feel for a project they're not
super detailed or anything and yeah this
is really cool so there's a link to Jays
portfolio in the video description as
well now at the end of his submission
Jay included a little note he wrote my
setup has always given me a bit of guilt
I paid for it all by working at a
supermarket but due to my drawing and
painting skills I feel somewhat unworthy
of all the high-end art gear however I
am dead set on my career path
and hopefully one day you'll be playing
games with my designs listen dude don't
feel guilty about what you're doing you
basically found something you're
passionate about you found something
that you love and you're chasing it
that's what life is about
so regardless of how much money you're
spending on it what you're doing is
great so the last submission is from
Gerardo he's using an Asus GL 51 laptop
a Razer Naga Mouse and that's a mouse
with 19 programmable buttons and the
phone that he uses is a oneplus 2 for
headphones he's uses the son Heiser CX
300s mark 2 and he has a first gen iPad
air and he draws on it using a Wacom
into his creative 2 pen and like all the
cool kids in this episode he has a
sketchbook that he uses when he goes
old-school his is made by moleskin and
lastly the bang that he uses to
transport all of this is a messenger bag
from peak design now Gerardo uses an app
on the ipad called procreate to drop but
it's not an iPad pro so it doesn't have
a pressure-sensitive screen for drawing
it relies on the pressure of sensitivity
of the Wacom pen to simulate that but
even without a pressure-sensitive tablet
he's able to create some really neat
drawings if you guys are interested in
seeing more of a stuff there's a link to
his portfolio in the video description
below and there's also a link down there
if you guys are interested in submitting
your own content for future episodes of
my laptop setup but that basically wraps
up this episode hope you guys enjoyed it
thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
you
[Music]